acz
ap
2008 has been a year of continuous transition and without looking back just
electronic music and that can be summarized the word recycling
but that really does not stop changing and presenting new textures sounds and
sound assembly
more than escape month of 2008 year of transitions and changes gave the signal
to start your activities and what better to do it with the help of
tour of temple that you visit for the first time in Mexico and Latin America
the dates 20 21 and 22 March
the cities zacatecas federal district and rocky port in sonora
this is how they write from the first chapter of 2008 more than the beginning of the open escape
are in the city of Zacatecas gathered more than two thousand people
who under the sounds of guillent and our star guest peter grant
were bathed in the best sounds caussi elect the first scene was
caught that warmed the audience for more than an hour and a half
and at midnight came strong crack who from the first moment of
succession let see what he expected the community of the other cities and if
do not believe us judge yourselves
is win
the low camera
on the 21st it was the turn of Egypt where the evil concept escaped our friends
of pronatura concerned about the environment deforestation and warming
global
they brought through electronic music a message of
awareness for all youth for the second year in a row in addition to
continue fighting these terrible effects with the purchase of bonds
carbon and reforestation in the reserve area of ​​the monarch butterfly
but coming back to the party tonight the sound accomplices for the day and
bush that I had very rich chaos rhythms to the whole band
followed by Miguel who showed technique and experience with very good
music the night continued with the leading actor fet legrand
that was a sonorous delight for all of us who were present fit so
just sing if you do not chant and jump your subjects sleep incentive peter
collins p - and of course the long awaited support advanced by
victories
argentina arrives with techno dedillo them to later take a break to the
cross the whole republic and disembark in rocky port
demonstrating that the community most dates that day with day and steps
gigantic
gathering more than 8 thousand souls on the beach of said port to report the
target of the session on ted legrand turntables, there are those who appreciate
beforehand for everything and we expect it back soon with your music
Panama
the Cordovan entity
but of course without forgetting each and every one of you
our loyal friends and concept members who support and nurture this senate
of which you are the pillars without forgetting roberto islands to do
possible our visit puerto peñasco we have started our activities and
we will see you in another piece very soon puyol canceled reported more
decaffeinated has already made contributions